unfortunately the hotel & spa sontra is located there
in cala ratjada in mallorca the hotel &
spa sontra the player is very popular
94 percent recommend it to the guests
the hotel continues the hotel has a very
good rating what the service the food
ambiente and the situation on concerns the 28
178 guests who rated the hotel
average 5 4 out of 6
the ratings in detail service of
service of the hotel is outstanding
especially in the willingness to help
kindness and
foreign language skills of the staff
reflects guests rate the service
great with 57 out of six restaurateurs
kitchen offers this hotel 55 suns
be for the gastronomic
Services of the kitchen awarded hotel
Generally both the cleanliness as well
The condition of the hotel is determined by the
Guests praised what a very
good rating of 54 suns out of 54
Sun reflects location and surroundings
The hotel has a very good location
through the shopping opportunities in
Close to good transport links and bars
Restaurants around the corner as well as distance
It can be 5
4 out of 6 suns awarded
sports and entertainment programs
guests are with the offer of sports and
entertainment programs very satisfied
The hotel receives in this category 5.3
of six songs always with 52 out of six
The rooms of the hotel will be sunny
rated the guests very much
satisfied with cleanliness size and
equipment of the hotel room show that
were information about the location service
and equipment of
hotels offers and more
Information will be provided to you when you
link below the videos of many
Thank you for your attention